Why are we doing this?
[LAUGH] So you basically, if you're
writing all your programs in terms of
functions, you have all
the math available to you.
If you decide to not do that at any given
point, you lose all the math, all at once.
[LAUGH] So I am not a big.
Until I got into functional programming,
I didn't care about math.
But now that it directly
affects my programs and
it makes them better,
now I do and it's a lot of fun.
So don't let that scare you away,
it's just helpful to
have.that at your fingertips.
But that's the biggest reason
I would say right off the bat,
that you might wanna do this.
In terms of just practical everyday stuff,
your functions are reliable right,
they always return the same output for
inputs.
They don't have these interesting edge
cases that we didn't think about up front.
They're portable, they're not,stuck
in their environment, except for
maybe that closure case.
And we'll actually actively
combat closures tomorrow.
[LAUGH] But today, we're gonna be defining
functions as portable as possible.
And if you have to put them into closure,
they're as portable within that closure.
Reusable, yes.
You get a lot of reusability
out of this stuff, right,
because they're not basically again,
buried in their environment.
They're portable.
They're testable,
same input to output,they're composable.
And then finally,
we have these properties,
which is the math stuff I
was about to talk about.
But does anybody have
any questions on this?
Like, why are we doing this?
[LAUGH]
I mean,
I'm doing it because Dan Abramov
told me to do it, but.
[LAUGH]